Hi, many girls asked me
What I carry in my bag.
What drives you to my purse is the essentials.
What you should read is also to start.
a buffet for paying I do not want to do
Nothing is advertised, it only pays to
that
nobody pays to stay
advertisement then I'll speak the brand
I take a brush kit which is a brush
blush brush for shadow combing pain
eyebrow and brush for there
when you go to congress despite 2
choose big 11 and here you realize
Curiouser because it 's soft that kind
velvet
so it's better for you to apply the blush
excuse me and also a conca brush
I take with me too.
this shadow looks cool
it has many different colors and choices
here she has the luggage has and has the luxury
also takes the fish button beautiful o
empower for you
and it seems difficult
do not let the button is beautiful it also takes the
fish and is also very beautiful
And it looks cool, it's a pet for you.
carry in the bag had it from here
when I went out when I went to school
which leads you to a base in buying another
the smaller she has to stay in school
like golden brown rosy white and
if you want a little because sometimes it comes out
school place where I can already use
the name if the button was good, right?
rosinha not forget his name now
You see, you must remember that.
takes the parent rate had here button
you can apply also have super colors
league only has the color of mouth
It's kind of a glow red golden rose
very light pink that had a brightness and
middle rose and garbage there then recapitulating
everything that is here is school that
school
Everything here is when I'm going out to
some place process and everything else
This is a little poem for times too.
for it to look beautiful wherever you are
A goodbye, and see you next time.